[JENKINS-68565] removing Java 8 from user docs (#5409)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/administration/requirements/java.adoc

There are separate run and job execution requirements for Jenkins installations.

> ## Running Jenkins

Reviewer: Why the removal?

Author: didn't mean to remove that, must have been pasted over. It's back now, sorry about that!

link:/blog/2022/06/28/require-java-11/[Read more about this in the announcement blog post.]
Java 11 Docker installation instructions are included in link:/doc/book/installing/docker/#downloading-and-running-jenkins-in-docker["Downloading and running Jenkins in Docker"].

Upgrading an existing Jenkins setup from Java 8 to Java 11?

> Refer to the link:/doc/administration/requirements/upgrade-java-guidelines[upgrade guidelines].

Reviewer: Should this be an admonition block (NOTE)?

Author: Added admonition block for this information.

> The `jenkins/jenkins:jdk17` Docker image allows you to run the Jenkins controller on Java 17.

Reviewer: Could be paired with line 10 in a "Docker paragraph".

Author: paired docker information together as suggested

All other Java versions are not supported.

These requirements apply to all components of the Jenkins system, including the Jenkins controller, all types of agents, CLI clients, and other components.

The Jenkins project performs a full test flow with the following JDK/JREs:

* OpenJDK JDK / JRE 11 - 64 bits
* OpenJDK JDK / JRE 17 - 64 bits

JRE/JDKs from other vendors are supported and may be used.

> Refer to link:https://issues.jenkins.io/browse/JENKINS-69383?jql=labels%20%3D%20jdk[our issue tracker] for known Java compatibility issues.

Reviewer: Not a good URL as you're on a specific issue.
```suggestion
Refer to link:https://issues.jenkins.io/issues/?jql=labels%3Djdk[our issue tracker] for known Java compatibility issues.
```

Author: good to know, thank you for the correct link Daniel!

## Running Jenkins

Jenkins requires Java 11 or 17 since Jenkins 2.357 and LTS 2.361.1.
link:/blog/2022/06/28/require-java-11/[Read more about this in the announcement blog post.]

[NOTE]

> .upgrading Java version to 11

Reviewer: Why? It looks like this:

<img width="1386" alt="Screenshot 2022-09-19 at 08 57 09" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1831569/190964314-d16de2f9-7b9c-4a7c-bf44-7fde44473c2a.png">

Reviewer 2: > Why? It looks like this:
> 
> <img alt="Screenshot 2022-09-19 at 08 57 09" width="1386" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1831569/190964314-d16de2f9-7b9c-4a7c-bf44-7fde44473c2a.png">

I liked the italic text on the admonition.  I thought it was the right level of additional emphasis without the high visual impact that comes from a heading.  I don't know if that's exactly why @kmartens27 did it that way, but I thought it looked reasonable in the context of the admonition.

Author: I had updated this to an admonition block as you had suggested previously @daniel-beck , would you be able to clarify what you mean by why?
![Screen Shot 2022-09-19 at 9 13 53 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/99040580/191025518-4ca9cad2-9b7d-4e23-9476-ee1c43544864.png)

Reviewer 3: I cannot speak to the reason why Daniel did not like this (nor did he explicitly state it), but I do not think the lowercase "u" looks right. Regardless of whether one is using title case or sentence case, the first letter of a line should always be capitalized.

Reviewer: > would you be able to clarify what you mean by why?

The specific line I am commenting on is unnecessary.

====
Upgrading an existing Jenkins setup from Java 8 to Java 11?
Refer to the link:/doc/administration/requirements/upgrade-java-guidelines[upgrade guidelines].
====

## Running Jenkins on Java 11 in Docker

Java 11 Docker installation instructions are included in link:/doc/book/installing/docker/#downloading-and-running-jenkins-in-docker["Downloading and running Jenkins in Docker"].
Alternatively, the `jenkins/jenkins:jdk17` Docker image allows you to run the Jenkins controller on Java 17.

All other Java versions are not supported.

These requirements apply to all components of the Jenkins system, including the Jenkins controller, all types of agents, CLI clients, and other components.

The Jenkins project performs a full test flow with the following JDK/JREs:

* OpenJDK JDK / JRE 11 - 64 bits
* OpenJDK JDK / JRE 17 - 64 bits

JRE/JDKs from other vendors are supported and may be used.

> Refer to link:link:https://issues.jenkins.io/issues/?jql=labels%3Djdk[our issue tracker] for known Java compatibility issues.

Reviewer 2: Only need one copy of the word 'link'
```suggestion
Refer to link:https://issues.jenkins.io/issues/?jql=labels%3Djdk[our issue tracker] for known Java compatibility issues.
```

Author: Ah good catch @MarkEWaite, committing that suggestion now
